[EDU-4183] feat: add new snippet to rules engine pages (#856)
aziontech/docs: src/includes/snippets/RulesEngineExecution/en/snippet.mdx

> While behaviors and rules are executed in the order they are arranged, some types of behaviors cannot be stacked. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While behaviors and rules are executed in the order they're arranged, some behaviors cannot be stacked. 
```

If a behavior of the type **Set**, such as **Set Custom Response** in Edge Firewall and **Set Origin** in Edge Application, is added multiple times to the rules in Rules Engine, only the last behavior from the last rule in which the criteria was met will be executed.

Behaviors of the type **Add** are cumulative and can be added multiple times to rules. This means that if **Add Cookie** and **Add Header** are executed multiple times for the same key-value pairs, multiple identical entries will be added.

> However, for unique headers such as `Host`, the last behavior of type **Add Header** that is executed will overwrite the previous value, since there cannot be more than one `Host` header in a request. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, for unique headers such as `Host`, the last behavior of type **Add Header** that is executed will overwrite the previous value, since there can't be more than one `Host` header in a request. 
```
